remake this website
features:
User Account Management

REQ001. Users shall be able to register created accounts

REQ002. Users shall be able to login using their created credentials

REQ003. Users shall be able to update their credentials.

Program and Institution Exploration

REQ004. Users shall be able to browse the list of available college programs and institutions.
REQ005. The system shall display program description, requirements, and possible career paths.
REQ006. Users shall be able to search for programs and institutions based on keywords

Institution Information

REQ007. The system shall display tertiary institutions and their program offerings.

REQ008. Users shall be able to view institutional details such as location, program offerings, and tuition fees.
Recommendation System

REQ009. The system shall collect user interests, skills, and preferences.

REQ010. The systems shall be able to produce program and institution recommendations based on collected information
REQ011. Users shall be able to view program and institution recommendations.

Management of Preferences

REQ012. Users shall be able to save their preferred programs and institutions

REQ013. Users will be capable of removing saved programs and institutions

REQ014. The system shall display saved programs and institutions in the user dashboard.

Filtration System

REQ015. Users shall be able to filter programs and institutions based on specializations and tuition.

REQ016. The system shall display filtered results based on selected criteria.

B.Non-Functional Requirements Operational Requirements
REQ017. The system shall operate on web applications. REQ018. The system shall require internet connectivity. REQ019. The system shall store data in a centralized database. Performance Requirements
REQ020. The system shall display search results in less than (3) seconds.

REQ021. The system shall produce program and institution recommendations in real time.
Security Requirements

REQ022. The system shall require authentication before accessing user accounts.

REQ023. The system shall protect user data from unauthorized access.

REQ024. The system shall encrypt user passwords.

Usability Requirements

REQ025. The system shall provide a clear and intuitive navigation structure for users.

REQ026. The system shall allow users to complete program and institution search and recommendation with minimal steps.
Cultural and Language Requirements

REQ027. The system shall utilize English as the primary language.

here is the available schools:
University of Makati
Taguig City University
Enderun Colleges
Treston International College
Technological University of the Philippines - Taguig
Polytechnic University of the Philippines (PUP) - Taguig
MINT College (Meridian International College)
Global City Innovative College
The Fisher Valley College
Gracel Christian College Foundation
De La Salle University - Rufino Campus
University of the Philippines Professional Schools
STI Global City
St. Chamuel College & Institute of Technology
AMA Computer Learning Center
Open Source College
Philippine School of Interior Design
St. Therese School of Technology of Taguig, Inc.
Arandia College Taguig, Inc.
Asian Christian Technological School and Colleges, Inc.
Asia Source College of Arts and Technology, Inc.
Carenet Healthcare Institute.

make schools information, address, and application links accurate 
add a clear images of each schools logo
add the google map integration where user can see where all the available schools in taguig city.
add the forget password and otp
add saved schools and programs
make the database editable for data adjustments

